Created a minibatch iterator selection function (#57)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/KnetNLPModels.jl: docs/src/tutorial.md

## Default behavior
By default, the training minibatch that evaluates the neural network doesn't change between evaluations.
To change the training minibatch, use one of the following methods:
* To select randomly a mini-batch 
```@example KnetNLPModel

> rand_minibatch_train!!(DenseNetNLPModel)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rand_minibatch_train!(DenseNetNLPModel)
```
I think `!!` makes the documentation fails inevitably.

Reviewer: I let you commit the suggestion, because I don't want to mess your local branch if you made changes since your last git push.

Author: oh, nice catch

```

> * To select the next mini-batch from current mini-batch iterator (Can be used in a loop to go over all the datasets)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To select the next mini-batch from current mini-batch iterator (Can be used in a loop to go over the entire dataset)
```

```@example KnetNLPModel
minibatch_next_train!(DenseNetNLPModel)
```

> * To reset the first mini-batch

Reviewer 2: What do you mean here? Reset *to* the first mini batch?
